# Transcript: amy-porterfield

There were wins and losses in my launch.
Not everything went perfect, but I've
been talking so much about how hard the
industry is. I wanted to talk about
something positive that absolutely
worked on my end. And these are the
things I see working with my students as
well.
>> My guest today is a dear friend of mine.
>> One of them goes, "That one over there.
She's big money." And it was my guest
[music] today.
>> Her name is Amy Porterfield.
>> Amy Porterfield, the ever amazing
best-selling author of two weeks notice,
Miss Amy Porterfield. [screaming]
At the time of this recording, I have
just finished my digital course academy
yearly launch. So, you might already
know, but every September since 2019, I
have been launching digital course
academy. And this year was extra special
because we really wanted to get the
offer right in terms of where everything
is in the online landscape right now.
I've been talking about it on this
podcast for six months in terms of the
shifts that we're seeing, the trust
recession that we are in, the fact that
people are struggling to get the right
kind of traffic. I've seen it all for at
least six months. So, I knew that it
would affect me just as much as it's
affecting other people. And so, we
wanted to be ready for that. And one
thing that really stuck out in this
launch was how well webinars did. So, if
you've ever heard or if you've been
hearing anything about like webinars are
dead or webinars don't work anymore,
that is such a lie. And not just for me.
Before I share with you what worked in
this launch regarding webinars, I just
want to say that many of my students are
crushing it this year with their
webinars. And many of my peers, I mean,
Jenna Kutcher just did, I think, four or
five live webinars, crushed every single
one of them, even better than last year.
And I really do believe webinars are
working so well because they are live.
They are in real time. And with a trust
recession, showing up live has a higher
perceived value, which is why I think
one of the reasons they're working so
well. So don't give up on your webinars.
If you've done them in the past, do them
again. If you've never done them,
consider adding them to your sales
strategy because they are alive and
well. Now, let me back up because before
I tell you about what I did in my
webinars that really changed the game
for me this time, I want to share with
you that I also did a few things leading
up to the webinar that could be really
valuable for you as well. So, number
one, I made sure that my brand voice and
our ideal customer avatar was dialed in
before we got started. So, we get
started about 60 days before the launch
starts. That's our pre-launch, about 60
days and maybe sometimes even a little
bit more. But even before that period,
we made sure we were very clear who are
we talking to and what is our message.
So, one thing we did is we actually
worked with my friend JJ Peterson and he
is an expert at Storybrand. And Story
Brand is my friend Donald Miller's
business and he has a book about it and
if you've never heard of Story Brand,
run out and learn all you can about it.
There's a great book about it, but I've
talked about it on the podcast a lot.
So, we hired JJ to walk us through what
a story brand would look like for
Digital Course Academy this year because
so much has changed and we wanted to
make sure that we are talking about the
right things. Like, let me give you an
example. When we work through story
brand and you don't have to hire someone
to work on it, you could get the book
and learn it yourself. But when we sat
down to work on our story brand, which
is basically the messaging around DCA,
one thing that we decided based on what
we're seeing in the industry is
sometimes in the past, many of my
launches, me talking about having a $120
million business and having $10 million
launches with my courses and just all
the success that I've had in my
business, that has attracted my audience
because they're like, "Well, if she's
done it this way. I want to learn from
her. But where we are this year, those
flashy numbers and bragging about
myself, and I say bragging in like the
most positive way. I think you need to
tell people your credentials and why you
are the person they should work with.
But this year, we kind of muted that a
little bit and instead we talked about
more relatable numbers from my students.
And instead of just talking about you
want freedom to work when you want,
where you want, how you want, a lot of
people just want to be able to pay the
bills this year, right? They want to
make sure that they can take care of
their family. They're not thinking about
sipping my ties on the beach with their
laptop. They're thinking about I hope I
could pay for these eggs this week. Like
that's where a lot of people are. And so
we wanted to meet them where they're at.
So we softened our message around like
my accolades and instead we made it more
about the people that have gone before
them that they could really relate to.
So that was just one shift we had in our
messaging. Also, even though I attracted
a lot of newbies, people that are just
leaving their 9 to5 or is still in their
9 to5 and want to start a sidehustle,
they are a lot of that make up Digital
Course Academy students. But I also
wanted to make sure I was attracting
someone who had already had a business.
They were getting started, but they were
looking for that consistent revenue and
that one signature offer that could
allow them to grow their business. So,
they weren't newbies. they weren't
making tons of money, but they were
somewhere in the middle. And so, we
wanted to make sure we attracted that
person as well, because if you've
already started a business, and if you
have a small email list and you've
gotten things going, getting a course up
and running, it happens a lot faster.
And so, we knew we always are attracting
the newbies and we're ready for them and
the course is ready for them. But also,
I wanted to make sure I attracted people
that were a little bit further along.
They're more likely to say yes faster
and they have more money. So thinking
about my audience early on and who we
wanted to attract, it was like somewhere
in the middle between a newbie and
someone more established kind of found
that middle ground. And because we did
that, it helped immensely in terms of
getting the right people into the funnel
during the launch. We surveyed people
when they came in through, let's say, a
lead magnet. We asked them where they
were in their business, where they were
in their revenue annually, and we nailed
it. We got those people that were kind
of right in the middle of those two
personas that I just shared with you.
And so the first thing is getting really
clear on your launch messaging and
thinking where are people now in this
moment? What do I need to be aware of?
And I think we made some really smart
decisions around how we message this
program. In addition, I added new things
to the offer. So, I added Porter, which
is our AI tool that is fueled by all of
my IP of how to create and launch
digital courses. So, Porter literally
can help you write your webinar emails.
Porter can help you write your sales
page. Porter can help you write your
webinar, all the things that I teach in
the program. Porter takes all my IP and
then helps my students now write their
optin pages, their webinar regge pages,
all of it. So that was a huge huge
addition that we worked really hard on
for this launch. And in addition, I
changed it up a little bit and my
coaches are reviewing some of the work
that my students are doing like your
webinar regge page or your sales page,
things like that. And so we added two
really important elements and we changed
the name. I don't think this made a big
difference, but from digital course
academy to digital course academy
experience. We believe that courses are
alive and well today. However, adding
that personal touch like my coach is
reviewing the work, adding access to
Porter, we made it more of a experience
versus just a course with a bunch of
modules in it. And I think that
experience, whatever that means to you
for your own course, is really something
important to look at. So anyway, that's
kind of some of the initial groundwork
that I think really paid off that would
help with conversions in a webinar. It's
never just the webinar, right? It's who
you're attracting and how they're coming
into your world and how you've nurtured
them. So, that's important. However,
even if maybe your messaging was not
perfect to get them in, a well-played
webinar, my friend, a really strong
webinar where you're offering value and
you're selling and you've got that right
mix, it can actually help you even if
you didn't attract the perfect audience
and you need to kind of really explain
the offer even more to them. Meaning a
really well- done webinar can help you
make up for some mistakes you've done
earlier on. I do believe that. But if
you get the earlier on done right and
the webinar, boom, you, my friend, have
a golden opportunity. So, in this
episode, I'm pulling back the curtain.
I'm going to share what I changed from
last year to this year in my live
webinar specifically. That's all I'm
talking about. and why I believe
webinars are alive and well and how you
can take these lessons into your own
launches. My goal of this episode is you
hear something and you change your
webinar so it converts higher. Also, one
little caveat. So, inside my Millie
Club, one of the things that my Millie
Club members received is opportunities
to DM me and we can strategize about
their launches. And a few of them I
asked to see their webinar because their
launches just weren't converting like
they should have. Something was off. I
couldn't figure out what it was. But I
thought, let me see your webinar. So I
reviewed many webinars which just kind
of helped me in my own research of how
to help students in the future. And I
got the webinar and I went to the place
right where they started to sell, like
that transition into selling. And I just
watched the selling portion of the
webinar. And in every single one that I
did, it was so clear what they should
change in order to increase their
conversions. And so I'm going to
sprinkle some of those different
insights that I've seen from my Millie
Club students in today's episode.
Mistakes you might be doing too that
could really help you boost that
conversion. So I'm going to weave in
some of that when it's appropriate as
well. Okay. So let me set the scene.
During the digital course academy
launch, I ran six live webinars over my
cart open period, which was about 10
days. Now, I was only planning to do
five live webinars, but when I saw how
well they were converting, I added a
sixth webinar. It wasn't only how well
they were converting, but I also noticed
that on days where I had a fast action
bonus that was retiring or expiring. We
usually see a big boost in sales, and I
wasn't seeing the big boost. And I knew
that some of my friends were having
smaller cart close days versus in the
past. Like I'm aware of everything
that's going on in the industry, but
what we did notice early on in this
launch is if I was live on a webinar, we
were converting and we were hitting goal
numbers. And so I thought, okay, I've
got to pay attention to that. Get me
live as much as you can. And so we
actually added one extra webinar for me
to go live, which made a huge
difference. And so essentially what I'm
seeing right now in our industry, I
think this is going to change over time,
is that live has such a high perceived
value and people are paying attention
when you're live. We even had really
great show up rates and I'll tell you
why. Um, but when I wasn't live, it was
harder to make sales on this launch,
which was different than years past for
the record. Also, we did not offer
replays and that's why our show up rate
was really high. like 38% 40%. Like we
saw great show up rate, but we didn't
offer replays. If you're brand new to
webinars, you should offer replays. But
what we noticed is we went back in old
launches to look at how many people that
actually clicked this link to watch a
replay bought. It was tiny. So last year
we decided no more replays. This year we
did not do any replays. And I'm glad we
did. I just I really feel like it made a
difference in terms of people showing
up. And again, because the majority of
people were buying when I was on live,
which is different from in the past, I
thought, well, then let's get more
people on live. So, no replays was the
right move for us. So, a few quick
stats. I did a boot camp, and my boot
camp is three live trainings, value
only, and the fourth training is my
webinar, which we call the finale
masterass. The reason I love boot camps
is because they convert really, really
well because I think you have trust in
the boot camp. You give immense value.
They get to know you as a teacher. Like,
I can't say enough about boot camps. My
boot camp was $47, $97 for VIP. VIP got
live Q&As with me after each of the
trainings and then a few extra live Q&As
after that. And we converted at 23%.
That means that all the people that
joined the boot camp, whether they saw
my webinar or not, 23% of all the people
in the boot camp bought digital course
academy. That's huge considering
webinars, a high converting webinar is
like between seven and 10%. So 23% is
insane, right? Last year it was 26%. So
it was even higher last year. We weren't
surprised to see the decline in terms of
what we're seeing in the industry right
now, but I was very, very happy with
that. And the VIP
uh VIP members of the boot camp
converted at 40%. But on average it was
23%. But VIP converts really well
because they're really engaged. So just
something to think about. Oh, and then
the average for my webinar was 9.3%.
9.3%.
And that's really good for where we are
in the industry right now. Like I've
definitely had launches where the
average has been higher, but I'll take
9.3% all day long. And so I want to tell
you, you know, how we landed there, like
how that because that the webinars are
why my launch was successful. And it was
a multi-million dollar launch. And the
webinars are the reason why in my book.
And so what I want to say though is
tracking your numbers is so important.
After every single launch, you want to
get every number you can because it
tells a story. And it allows you to make
the appropriate changes that are not
based on emotion. So I want you to
really look at your numbers after every
single launch and make sense of them.
And now with chat GPT and ChatGpt being
able to analyze your numbers even easier
for the record. Okay. So what I want to
share with you in terms of my webinars
are a few different insights that can
change the way you do webinars. The
first one to me is the most important.
Remember I said I've been reviewing a
lot of millime webinars and almost all
of them are not getting this right. And
I even though I'm so seasoned at this, I
didn't get it right out of the gate. So
what happens is when I do a webinar, my
goal is to get to the transition into
selling at 45 minutes in. And to ensure
that I've shared the most beneficial
information about the offer, I've given
the price and the URL by 55 minutes and
then added a little extra in terms of
just extra value over the next five
minutes. Why? So, why do I want to start
selling no later than 45 minutes in and
make sure I get the most important
information in by 60 minutes? Even if I
said my webinar was 90 minutes, which
I've done, at 60 minutes, you see a big
drop off. I believe you see a drop off
in attention and actual physical drop
offs. But the only thing I could give
you data on is people drop like flies at
the 60 minutes. Why? Most people are
like, I'll give you an hour and then
I've got to go. They have meetings
afterwards. They have carpull pickup.
They've got a life. And so getting
someone to stay past 60 minutes is very
hard. And so you'll have people that
will stay for sure, and I always do, but
I want to get in before that drop off. I
want them to hear the offer, the best
parts of the offer. I want them to know
how much it cost and where to go to buy
because they're more likely to buy
afterwards if they have to jump off. the
likelihood that they're going to buy
afterwards if they don't hear the good
stuff and know how much it costs and
where to go very minimal. So, the first
time I did my webinar, I thought I was
good to go and I hit it at 53 minutes.
That's like the death of a webinar.
Like, oh, that was one of my lowest
converting webinars. I just couldn't hit
it early enough. And I'm like, oh my
gosh. Like, this was a fairly new
webinar and I I added just too much. And
so for the second webinar, I'm like, I
gotta fix this. I got to get to it at 45
minutes. And I got to it at 50 minutes.
I was still behind. And I'm wasting time
here. Like I should have what I should
have done after the first webinar is
been diligent to cut things out. But
what happens, and I think this might
happen with you as well, is everything
seems so important. It's like, no, I
can't cut that portion. They need to
hear that. Or, oh, that that story is so
important. Or that testimonial, I got to
get it in there. All the stuff that
comes before the sale. And that's the
stuff we're like really married to,
right? It's our content. It's our baby.
And so I wasn't thorough enough after
the first webinar and I still didn't hit
it at my second. And I'm just like
kicking myself for that. And so I called
in some backup. My CEO Jaws used to be
my director of content. The girl knows
content. And so I'm like, look at this.
What can I do? And then Caitlyn, my CMO,
she got involved as well. She looked at
my webinar and then Jenna Kutcher also
looked at it. She's, as you all know, a
good friend. So I'm like, Jenna, what
are you seeing here? So Jenna, Jaws, and
Caitlyn all talked and they came to me
and they're like, "Here's what you're
cutting." And I think I needed that
because I just was too close to the
content. So I closed it. I I I mean I
got fresh eyes on it, took their
feedback, and I deleted, not closed, I
deleted some of the webinar. And I
really knew that I had to get to that 45
minute mark. So by trimming some of the
front stuff before I start selling made
all the difference in getting to that
pitch at 45 minutes and by the third
webinar I was there and boom, we saw an
uptick by two 3% the next one 4%. Like
it instantly made a change. And some of
the things that I did is I deleted a few
testimonials that were in the beginning.
I could share those after I tell them
about the product. Not all testimonials,
but a lot of them I took out. And I also
tightened up some of my stories which
made a big difference. And so by being
able to just see the things that I for
some reason just couldn't cut, getting
the feedback, cutting it, I was there.
And again, my friend, it makes such a
difference. The other thing that I Jaws
pointed this out that I didn't realize
is she said, "You're not even talking
about Porter or the fact that our
coaches are reviewing their work." Two
new things. Because a lot of people have
seen my pitch for DCA for years and they
haven't bought, but if I had something
new, I want them to know about it. So, I
moved up those two elements of the offer
before the 60 minute mark. So, that was
another thing that really helped well.
So, I was able to move up some of the
best two bonuses um before the 60-minute
mark and start talking about it at 45
minutes so I'm not rushed. The last
thing you want to do is talk about your
offer for five minutes and then tell
them how much it costs. Like I got a
good 10 minutes of talking about it,
building it up, telling them the most
important benefits and features, then
telling them the price, then telling
them the URL, and then the last five
minutes, like adding one more bonus that
I thought would, you know, really allow
them to be like, "Oh, this is something
that I need." So, cannot stress it
enough. So important to hit that 45
minute mark and that 60 minute mark.
Now, remember I said data is everything.
Well, Jaws and my CMO Caitlyn, they were
looking at the numbers like second by
second. And another thing they mentioned
to me or they saw and then they
mentioned to me was, "You keep saying
you're going to get to the Q&A, but
you're taking forever to get to the Q&A
because I kept selling and talking about
the features." Like, I really wanted
them to understand what this offer was.
But she said, "People that are asking
questions are dropping off because
you're saying you're going to get to
their question and then 10 minutes later
you still haven't gotten to the Q&A."
And I was like, "Uh, you're so right." I
thought by telling them I'm going to do
a Q&A, they're they'll hang on, but they
just got frustrated with me. So, um, by
my third or fourth webinar is when I
realized that, thanks to the data,
because they watch when people fall off,
I started to say, "I'm going to get to
the Q&A in five minutes." And I just got
to the Q&A in five minutes. Because when
you do a Q&A, you can always come back
and continue to sell. Like, hey, before
I get to the next question, let me
remind you of this bonus and why this
bonus is so important. And so you could
always go back and forth, but I should
have gone into the Q&A sooner and then
circled back with the extra information.
And doing a live Q&A is powerful to me.
This is where all the sales come in.
It's real time and you're talking to
people that are genuinely interested in
buying your program. They're asking a
question about it. And so you really,
really want to pay attention to that
Q&A. One of the things that I've taught
before and I'll mention it again is
about halfway through my Q&A. I'll stop
and say, "Okay, if you're still here,
we're over an hour in at this point. If
you're still here, you're thinking about
joining this program and you have some
hesitations." So, right now, I want you
to type into the comments, I'm on the
fence because, type it in right now. I'm
on the fence because I promise to answer
every single one of those questions. I
will not tell you to buy if you're not a
good fit. That stresses me out as much
as it would stress you out. I'll give
you an honest answer. Let me know why
you're on the fence. So people they they
flood it with I'm on the fence because
I'm on the fence because so to me that
made such a huge difference because I
could answer their specific question and
sometimes I said you're not right for
the program. If someone said Amy, I
won't be able to pay my mortgage next
month. I'd say don't buy it. You're not
ready. You need to wait and hopefully by
next year you'll be ready. Blah blah
blah. So, I was very honest with all of
them, but that it's a great way to get
people to engage with you. Okay. Another
thing that helped immensely, and I know
this because when I did this, this is
when my team saw an uptick in sales.
People started to enroll faster when I
did this one thing. Are you ready to
hear it? This one thing. And that is
that when someone asked a question that
I could show them proof in my portal, I
had my portal up and running and I
showed my screen. And so if you were on
my webinar and you said, "Amy, are you
going to show us how to actually pre-ell
our course?" I'd say, "Yeah, and let me
show you where that is in the program."
So I' I'd go and I'd click on the portal
and uh it would drop me off on the
welcome screen and I'd say, "Okay, so
here's your welcome video. This is the
first thing I want you to watch." And
then you're going to go over to here and
when I unlock it, this is what module
three is going to look like. Go into
module three and then you'll see this
and that. And that's where I'm going to
teach you how to do XYZ, whatever it
might be. And notice there's a PDF
guide. Let me show you what this guide
looks like. I click a button, it
downloads, comes up on the screen, and
it's so detailed. I'm like, I'm not just
going to tell you what to do. I'm going
to show you how to do it. All my PDFs
support the how. My videos support the
what. And so they're seeing it in real
time. building that trust. So if your
course isn't done yet and you're
pre-selling, this isn't going to work.
But as your second launch and beyond,
the course is ready and done. So you can
show them, show them proof by using
their questions as an excuse to get
inside your program and say, "Actually,
yes, let me tell you exactly where you
can find this." So quick visuals build
trust. It helps people see what they're
getting, what they're paying for, and
that takes away a lot of the hesitation.
Also, it turns the should I do this to
oh, I could do this. Okay, it's all laid
out for me. So, that was very, very
powerful. Okay, let me move on to the
next insight I want to share with you.
One of my webinars had the lowest show
up rate. I don't remember exactly what
it was, but it wasn't 38, it wasn't 40%,
it was lower, maybe like 28%, but it had
the highest conversion rate. And so I
share that with you to say that it's not
about the quantity of leads, it's about
the quality. And because we got the
right people in, even my webinar that
had the least amount of people show up
for it converted the highest. So we
actually got more sales from one of the
webinars that had the least amount of
people on it. How crazy is that? And
also, here's another reason why that was
I think the let's see, I did I did six
webinars, right? How many did I do? Six,
five. I always get confused. Five. I did
five webinars and this was the fourth
one. The first one was in the boot camp.
Then I did one, two, three. By the time
I hit the fourth one total, that's the
one that I had the highest conversion.
But when you start getting deep into
your launch, the people that showed up
for webinar four and five, they likely
saw my sneak peek where I let people go
into module one and kind of poke around
and see what it's like. They might have
also gotten a few of my lead magnets. I
did a live session on how you don't need
a business plan to start a digital
course. They might have been on the no
business plan business uh live training
that I did the day before. So, the
closer you get to cart close, some of
those webinars might be converting
higher because they've been um
introduced to a lot of your content and
a lot of your messaging and just your
launch assets along the way. So, that's
always a perk as well. Okay. Now, I want
to share a few things that I also did on
the webinar that I think you would find
really valuable. But, I just need to
confess something really fast. I keep
getting confused
about how many webinars I did. I did six
total, not five. I don't know why I keep
saying five. I don't know why I keep
getting confused. It doesn't matter in
the whole scheme of things, but I just
like to be upfront. And I did six. So, I
did one in the boot camp and then five
outside of the boot camp. I was not
planning to do six. I was planning to do
five, but because they were working so
well, we added another. So, don't be
scared to add another during a launch.
This is why I love live launches. You
could be nimble. You can pivot. You can
add, and it can make a huge difference,
which it did for us. But anyway, I don't
know what's wrong with my brain, but I
keep forgetting how many I did. Okay.
So, two more things I want to share with
you, and then I'm going to let you go.
Number one, we brought back the DCA
guide book as a fast action bonus. So,
if you've been in DCA for the last few
years, you know that as a bonus, we got
all of the PDFs. There are many of them
inside DCA. We printed them in color,
put them in a bound guide book, and we
mail it for free. Although People
International had to pay shipping, but
we they get the guide book for free to
your house. And we've done this a few
different times, but where it's worked
the best and why we changed it this time
to go back to what we did in the past is
using it as a fast action bonus. you had
to buy on the webinar to get this book.
So, let's say you didn't buy, but you
went to my second webinar. Again, you
just have to buy while I'm on the
webinar and you get it. And so, we were
able to track the time that people
bought and we mailed them a physical
guide book. These guide books were very
popular. They always are. They're really
quality. They're expensive for us to
print, but they're worth it. And so, I
do think the physical guide books
absolutely move the needle. And this is
something everyone can do because most
of us have lots of PDFs inside our
digital course. And so I highly
recommend looking into something like
this. Okay, one more thing I did is that
I was watching Alex Fromosy's book
launch. I think everyone in the world
saw it and so and it was incredible and
Alex and Leila did a great job. And so
with that, there was one part of his
book launch. which was a live YouTube
streaming event.
There was one thing he did that I
thought that could be so valuable on
webinars. And so he did his whole pitch
and then he asked three questions at the
end of his pitch. And these questions
were so valuable. They were very
straightforward. They weren't like uh
sneaky or tricky or anything. They're
just really good questions that I think
you should add to your next webinar. So,
at this point, I've said all the
benefits and features. I've said the
price. I've given the link. I've gone
back to bonuses. I've talked about the
features again. Like, I've been selling
for at least 20 minutes. And then I'm
going to move into the Q&A. Right before
I move into the Q&A, I ask these three
questions. So, the first question is,
will this decision get me closer to my
goals? So, essentially, I set it up and
I said, if you're still here and you're
on the fence and you're thinking, I
really want to do this. I'm just not
sure. I'm really nervous. I want you to
honestly answer these three questions.
And if you honestly answer these three
questions, you will have your answer if
you should join or not. First question,
will this decision get me closer to my
goals? And then I riff on it a little.
If you were to enroll in Digital Course
Academy and you had my coaches to guide
you and you had this, this, and this,
would that get you closer to your big
goals for your business? Yes or no? Let
me know in the comments. Number two,
does this increase my chance of success
versus doing it on my own? If you had my
guidance, my step-by-step framework,
plus my coach's guidance, will that
increase your chances of success versus
you trying to figure this out alone? Yes
or no? And third question, can I figure
out how to make the investment work? Do
you need to take the payment plan? Do
you need to maybe take one one-on-one
client that will allow you to supplement
the cost of this or just kind of cushion
the cost of this? Do you need to, you
know, change something over here? Could
you figure it out if you really wanted
to? Yes or no? And then after that, and
I feel like this kind of shifted the
energy in the room because I said if you
answered no to any of these questions,
do not buy Digital Course Academy. But
if you answered yes, this is your next
best right move. And now I want to move
into Q&A where I can answer any
questions that are still coming up for
you. Essentially, that's how it went.
And it was really powerful. And so I
highly recommend again totally inspired
by Alex Hermoszi, but it was just a
beautiful way that he transitioned and
it's honest and real and I just love the
questions. So those are some of the
things that were in addition to So let
me just do a quick recap. You want to
hit that 45 minute mark you're selling.
You want to get your best benefits,
features, price, and link in that 15
minutes before the 60-minute mark. After
the 60 minute mark, you can absolutely
and you should continue to sell. Take
people behind the scenes in your Q&A um
in your inside your portal. Answer all
the questions. Share the benefits again.
Use these three questions I just gave
you. But I think the biggest takeaway is
timing. It makes such a difference. And
so I hope you found these uh valuable.
There were wins and losses in my launch.
Not everything went perfect, but I've
been talking so much about how hard the
industry is. I wanted to just talk about
something positive that absolutely
worked on my end and these are the
things I see working with my students as
well. So, one more thing, I have a
newsletter and it comes out every
Tuesday morning and I share things like
this like what worked, what didn't,
behind the scenes of my business. So, if
you liked details like this, you will
love my newsletter. So, if you're not
already getting it, just go to
amyporterfield.comnewsletter.
am a amyorterfield.comnewsletter
and I'll share more behind-the-scenes
strategies and tips that worked and a
lot of the mistakes that I make along
the way so you don't have to. All right,
my friends. Thank you so very much for
tuning in. If you are a Momentum member,
just know I'm going to teach this stuff
but at a much deeper level with a lot
more insight inside of Momentum. Uh, so
you can look forward to that. Momentum
is my membership for all DCA alumni
[music] who choose to continue to go on
the journey with me. So just so you
know, I'll be doing a training like
this, but even getting into much more
detail [music] inside Momentum. All
right, my loves. Have a wonderful day
and I'll talk to you soon.