# Transcript: frank-kern

Now there's a new AI funnel builder that
absolutely destroys every other AI
funnel builder or webpage builder. And
this one is going to be the most
insanely underpriced tool that you're
going to see in the AI world. So if you
want good-looking funnels with good copy
that actually work so you don't have to
be like a tech genius, this video is for
you. The funnel building tool I'm
talking about is one provided by Go
HighLevel. But the thing about HighLevel
is most people always make videos about
how you can resell HighLevel to local
businesses and start an agency. But you
never hear people talking about how cool
the freaking software is, which is
really the strongest part about
HighLevel is it actually works. So
they've got this AI funnel thing that
just came out and I'll show you how to
build a killer funnel with it. So go
take a free trial at gohighlevel.com and
you want to go to settings here and you
want to make sure come over here to labs
cuz no one's got this yet. This isn't
released. And scroll down and do brand
new funnel AI and website AI thingy and
turn that on. It's going to be like
this. It'll be off. You want to turn it
on. The real cool thing about this is
that it builds funnels that A, actually
work, B, have pretty freaking good copy
on them, and C, already have like stuff
like calendars and things like that
built in. So it's really great. I'll
click on build with AI here and we're
going to start and we're going to build
us one of them funnels. We're going to
build a book a call funnel. So I'm going
to call the funnel page this is going to
be old man typing on camera academy.
Just add that air of professionalism
that you've come to expect from this
channel. All right, business niche we'll
select coaching and consulting of
course. Goal of the funnel page is to
book appointments and target audience
will be small businesses. All right, and
what are we offering? We're offering one
of them free consultations. Okay. Now we
can customize this but let's see what
happens when we click generate. I was
expecting it to be absolutely freaking
terrible because most of them are. The
copy is just the dumbest thing you've
ever seen in your life. This is the
opposite. This is made for real people.
And what's exceptionally cool about this
is if you want to change something, you
can just change it like you were working
with a Google Doc or whatever. So this
is what it made. This is like unedited,
all's cool, and if we want to change
anything, we can just change it. So
instead of turn awkward on camera
moments, let's just say turn accidental
nudity into clients who actually book.
Now obviously you wouldn't say that but
I'm trying to make this less boring for
you. That's how easy it is to change
stuff. Okay. So this is, you know, this
is old man typing on camera academy, all
right? So if we're targeting older
dudes, then we're going to need the
larger font sizes for this. So let's go
ahead and tell it I need all of the body
copy and even the copy in the hero
section, like basically everything other
than the headlines and the subheads and
all of that stuff to be 20 pixel font
size, please. All right, so
if we were using a regular funnel
builder, and you know, not AI. First of
all, if we were using AI, I'd have to
rebuild the whole damn thing. But if we
were just using anything else, we'd have
to go to every single one of these
little thingies and change the font
size, which would take forever. Don't
have to do that with HighLevel, which is
really cool because doing that is a pain
in the butt. And it did it. This is
looking solid. Look, so now we can
actually read it. And you know, if we
ever work in HighLevel and you just want
to see what the thing looks like outside
of the funnel builder, of course we
don't have a form or anything here yet.
This is the only thing you know, we kind
of need to fix and I don't want to put a
form here. So instead of having to spend
forever with AI and stuff like telling
it to redo it, we can literally just
come over here and we can change this
thing to a larger font. I what we really
need to make this thing functional is
a damn calendar, you know? So if we look
over here, we've got a place where we
can put a calendar. Now the one thing
about this is cuz this is the I've
already tried to make this video once. I
forgot how the dang screen cam on is uh
I couldn't get it to make a calendar for
me yet. This is 42 days out from being
released to the public. So I just went
and made a camera or rather a calendar.
So instead of saying, "Hey AI, make me a
calendar." I'm just going to pop the one
that I made in here. So HighLevel has
like unbelievable amounts of features.
It's almost obnoxious. And here's the
calendar that I made. So it should
populate here in a minute, hopefully.
You know, cuz I'm on camera and stuff.
There we go. And so now we've got my
calendar, right? So now we're looking
good here. So that's pretty sweet. All
right, so we still want this to be legit
though. We want it to be so legit in
fact it can't it can't quit. It would be
incapable of quitting. That's how legit
we want it to be. So we need a
thank you page, man. Just All right, so
I'll hit back and now I'm going to go
into this little funnel thingy that we
were making right here, old man typing
on camera academy. I'm going to say add
new step. All right, I'll call this one
thanks for booking. Path can be
whatever. That doesn't matter. And
[music] I'll click on create funnel
step. And now it's going to give me the
option to build a new funnel page and
I'm just going to use AI to build it.
Thank you for booking. All right,
business niche is coaching and stuff.
Goal of this funnel is going to be
other, okay? And I'll say confirm the
user's appointment and thank them for
booking and urge them to add it to their
calendar. So I'll just generate. What's
cool is the quality of the dang copy
without us telling it anything. To me
that's a big deal. You would normally
have to, you know, really elaborate on
what the business does but it kind of
nailed it for this one. Cool. So it's
made this for us. Now we got us almost a
totally functioning
book a call funnel. Only thing we got to
do is come back to our original page,
which I probably just broke. Nope, I
didn't. Amazing. All right. And come
over here.
Go to our calendar that we popped in
there and then make it redirect people.
Click on this and then look. Go here and
say go to next step.
So now when they submit their
appointment, they book their
appointment, they're taken automatically
to that thank you page and they see all
that stuff,
which is pretty pretty pretty good. And
hell, man, since you're here, I'll do a
deeper dive on this later. But HighLevel
has like gone completely
ham with AI stuff and they've also made
it where we can like just use AI to do
the reminder sequence. So let me show
you how to do that since you're already
watching, you know, might as well help
you out a little bit mo. So check this
out. We can set up with AI we can make
it send the reminder sequence cuz
remember that thank you page was like,
"Look and you're you know, you're going
to get a reminder by email." And you
might be going like, "Dude, what? Hey."
So watch this. I need to create a
workflow that is a reminder sequence for
people who book an appointment through
the old man Kern calendar. And we need
to like send them a reminder one day
before the appointment and then four
hours before the appointment and then
one hour before the appointment by
email. And if we can, let's put their
appointment times and details and stuff
like that in all the emails.
All righty. So that's going to work.
There we go. Okay. Oh dude, I got to
just talk to it. Um I'm using
WhisperFlow. I think I probably told you
that already. I just like repeating
myself. It's super fun. Okay, so it's
going to build this email stuff for me.
And that is absolutely ridiculous. Okay,
so let's see. This is the name of the
workflow, right cha? All right, and it's
like, "Hey, you better recognize
something funky's going on here." All
right, so where's my Why are you giving
me that red warning?
What's up with y'all?
Oh, okay. I got to choose a calendar.
All right, in calendar.
Old man Kern. There we go. Okay, well
that's easy. All right, wait one day
before the appointment. Solid. Okay,
looking good. Save that. All righty, and
then how's this looking?
Okay. And now, you know, you don't
actually have to put anything in here if
you set it up right. Okay, sweet. Your
appointment's scheduled and look at
that.
This is all, you know, kind of serious
writing style or whatever but you can
change it if you want to. The cool thing
is you don't have to freaking build this
damn thing. You just told it to build it
and it built it properly. So now it's
going to actually do it, you know? Like
that is absolutely bonkers. So now all I
had to do is hit publish and save. So
someone comes here
and they take the booking one of them
appointments over here, they're going to
get the emails and everything, you know,
and the reminders. And we've got a
legitimate book a call funnel that's
pretty freaking solid that
was really easy to set up and despite my
not really knowing what I'm doing. And
I've got the email stuff handled, too,
dude. I mean, this is ridiculous. So
gohighlevel.com. You can take a trial
for free. They're great. I think I told
you this already. I can't remember. Very
biased with them, by the way. They've
been clients of mine for years. I've
been a customer of theirs for even more
years. So they're not paying me to put
this video up. I'm not using an
affiliate link but still consider my
bias. All right. Cool. Anyway, thank you
very much, HighLevel.
real stoked for when this is like
actually out of beta. You can use it
now. You just got to remember to turn
that little thing on. All right. Okay.
Thanks for watching this, man. Y'all
take it easy.