# Transcript: jason-fladlien

A billion dollars seems impossible,
doesn't it? It's not, especially today.
There is a Lollapalooza effect that's
taking place, and if you become aware of
it and you make one change to the way
you think, then you could unlock a
potential billion dollars for yourself
in the next few years, and I can help
you get it. Just as I've helped brands
like amazing.com scale to tens of
millions as an affiliate, and just like
I've advised people like Alex Hormozi
and companies like Zoom that have
already done billions of dollars. Now,
to go for a billion, we must get a
priority in order first. Adopting AI,
shifting your paper click, doing more
social. These are all important and may
make sense to you at the right time and
with the right approach, but if you want
to have major impact, you have to start
at the top and work your way down. And
at the top, I mean, what is the most
important thing to start with first?
What is the one problem that if we solve
it, solves a thousand other problems?
And I can give you the answer in a
single word. Would you like to hear it?
Scale. Now, you hear this word a lot.
People tell you scale your video ads and
scale your social content, scale your
product line. So, you hear the word
scale applied to specific business
functions, but what about scaling scale
itself? That should be your first order
of business, and I can help you if I can
just sell you on a single concept, and I
know that if you get this concept, you
can make more money in your business in
the next 12 months than you have in the
previous 12 years. Are you ready for it?
The worst strategy you can have in
business is incremental gain. Say you
made a million dollars last year and you
want to go to 1.2 million this year.
That's a 20% increase, and that is
dangerous and that is hard. It's hard
because there are a thousand ways to
grow a business 20%, and it's dangerous
because 20% margin is not enough to
fight against algorithm changes or
inventory cost increases or tariff or
some new wiz-bang fancy startup that
comes and eats your lunch. Businesses
that grow at 10%, 20%, even 50% a year
drown all the same when the tide rolls
in. The only businesses that are
survivors are those that are
unreasonable about their growth and do
not settle or set goals on incremental
growth, but instead force themselves to
focus on exponential growth. 500% or
1,000% or even 10,000% growth, which is
where you need to be because the
reality, and you're going to have a hard
time accepting this, but the truth is
the truth whether you like it or not,
10x is easier than 2x, as my client
friend Ben Hardy says, because when you
focus on 10x, you discover there's
really only one or two or three ways to
do it. And the clarity that is revealed
when you actually think in 10x, empowers
you to do the right things viciously and
with certainty. Checking in with you
then, are you sold on the idea that
there is a strategy that exists out
there that if you followed it, could 10x
your business in the next year? And that
by removing the thousands of ways that
you could add 10% to your business, and
instead focusing on only the one to
three things that could 10x your
business, that that would actually
increase the odds and the ease in which
you could succeed. Yes or no? The answer
is yes, and I can easily prove this.
Simple. Take TikTok Shop, for example.
It started out at a billion dollars in
2021 and it hit 64 billion by 2025.
That's 64x in four years. They scaled.
And most of my e-com clients, they sat
on the sidelines when they could have
rode one of the greatest new waves of
growth that we've ever seen in e-com.
But they were too busy doing, you know,
the day-to-day stuff, the incremental
stuff. Hey, better late than never.
TikTok Shop is projected to grow to $94
billion
in the next two years alone. So my
Amazon sellers especially should take
note because the more you sell on
TikTok, the more it drives demand to
your Amazon store and to your Shopify
site. And this is another reason why 10x
is much easier than 2x because when you
multiply growth on the right platform,
it multiplies growth on every platform
that you are on. So the more you sell on
TikTok, the more automatic sales you
would get on Amazon, and the more sales
you bring to Amazon, the more they
increase your reach within Amazon,
resulting in even more sales as long as
you move the needle in a meaningful way.
So 10% sales increases, they don't do
that. 20%, they don't do that. But, a
flood of sales on one platform to
another can do this. So, you should be
tripping over yourself, running like
your hair is on fire to capitalize on
emerging marketplaces like TikTok Shop
and like ChatGPT to master these
recommendation engines and own your own
space on it as a high priority because
it's exponentializing, there's tons of
market share available, and the better
you do here, the more automatic growth
you will get everywhere else. But,
knowing isn't enough. It's not enough to
know that TikTok went exponential. It's
not enough to know that AI
recommendations are blowing up brands to
the millions and millions and millions.
You know that AI plus social and AI plus
paid ads are turning new brands into
billions of dollars faster than ever.
Knowing isn't enough. I need commitment.
Are you committed to finding your 10x
solution? Because I'll show you several
in this video, and you only need one to
10x your business. And you couldn't ask
for a better time than now to embrace
scale. Here's why. 6 million people. On
March 28th, I had dinner with 6 million
people. I paid no ad network, I boosted
no posts, I didn't have a script in
front of me, and the lighting was
terrible. But, because I know that for
the first time in history in 16 seconds,
I can say 49 words and reach 6 million
people for free, I prioritized social
even when on a romantic date with my
beautiful wife. We call this leverage.
And if you want a 10x growth, you have
to master leverage. And there are four
elements of leverage: labor, capital,
media, and code. Now, labor is hiring
and manage people. So, to build a
billion-dollar brand up until a few
years ago, you would need force that
numbered in the thousands, meaning you'd
have to spend millions of dollars on
hiring, and you'd have to know how to
hire and who to hire.
Labor is the worst form of leverage that
you can have in the modern world. The
second form of leverage is capital. Not
only to hire people, but also to source
products and spend on advertising. Now,
if you have access to capital,
congratulations, it's the gas you can
put on the fire. But, most of you do not
have large enough amounts of capital to
leverage at scale because if you did,
you would buy businesses to solve your
problems instead of trying to optimize
your current business. So this leads us
to media, which is where the real
leverage lives in 2026 because the hard
cost to reach 60 people or 6 million
people these days is the exact same. The
real results are in the soft costs, aka
the creativity and strategy used to
deploy your content. But given the fact
that it's even possible that you can
reach so many people so fast for free.
If this isn't on the top of your list to
focus to 10x your business, I strongly
urge you to reconsider. And it doesn't
really matter what business you're in or
how boring you are. With a little
creativity, anything can be made viral.
Take the Will It Blend campaign. The
star of the content is a freaking
blender. If they can make a blender go
viral, you can make anything go viral.
Anyway, businesses that don't master
social must master paid ads or otherwise
die a swift death, which is crazy
because the easiest way to crush paid
ads is with social. Here's where the
algorithm sits at 2026. Followers don't
matter because the algos are smart
enough to distribute the content to the
people who are most likely to watch it.
Followers are a relic of a past, a
shortcut that said, "Well, because
people follow this brand, they might
want more content from the brand." But
that's too simplistic. That's like
saying, "Hey, because you bought this
refrigerator on Amazon, here's another
refrigerator that you might want to
buy." So followers don't matter anymore.
Attention and engagement does. And the
same techniques that work to get
attention and engagement on social are
the same as it is with paid advertising.
And with the nine-figure companies that
I work with, the number one quality of
an effective ad campaign, the one that
gives the highest return on ad spend, is
the one that gets the most engagement.
The worse you are at engagement, the
more money you will have to pay for
reach, and you will reach the least
qualified buyers as a result. So you
would test engagement angles on social,
and then you use the proven engagement
formats on your paid ads, which is why
we do dinners like this. Because for
whatever reason, this format and style
consistently reaches hundreds of
thousands or millions of people. So when
you then run ads with a similar format,
you will pay way less per click. But if
the upside to social is you can reach
millions of people for free, the
downside is shelf life invariance. Let's
parse that. Variance means that not
every piece of content will perform.
Some of my reels reach millions and
others reach a couple thousand.
Sometimes they go nowhere on my account,
but then go viral on one of my clippers
account, even though it's pretty much
the exact same concept. So you just have
to accept variance. You'll miss a lot,
you won't hit often, but when you do
hit, you will hit freaking big. So
tolerate variance and accept that shelf
life on any content is short. They cook
for a while and then they die. And ads
fatigue even faster. So if you want to
scale, then part of scale is publishing
consistently and publishing often. Now
there are hacks to this, especially with
AI. But how else will you 10x the
business rather than getting millions of
free views to your brand and 10x'ing
your ads because the ads you run get
more attention and more engagement. The
mantra of all the companies that I
consult with that do nine figures a year
is this: refresh the creatives. Every
morning they're running new ads and
every social company that I know, they
are publishing several pieces of content
a day because they are gleeful and happy
to be able to for free play the game
where the right content can get millions
of views. So if you want to 10x, you
must leverage media, either social or
paid, or I would argue since one
multiplies the other, why not both?
Which leads us to the last lever, code.
If you can train a human to do it,
someone will train a computer to do it
better and cheaper. That's the power of
code. And the most valuable code right
now is AI. And I'm going to make a
controversial statement, but I believe
it with every fiber of my being. Every
one of you should be starting an AI
business right now to put your current
business out of business. Because if you
don't do it, someone else is going to.
Right now, there are sellers on Amazon
who have hundreds of SKUs, and instead
of using people to analyze those SKUs,
improve the images, titles, A+ content,
etc., they are having an AI agent
analyze the data for them, log into
seller central accounts on their behalf,
and update the listings for them on
autopilot. It's a tale as old as time.
Human with technology will always beat
the human without it. Typewriters beat
the pen and pad, email crushed fax, and
the smartphone ruined many industries
overnight who didn't adapt with the
time. But, it made those who did adapt
get richer quicker than ever. It's
called a K curve, by the way. And right
now, we're living in the sharpest K
curve to ever exist, and no one is safe,
not even Google. Here's a stat that will
blow your mind. 60% of Google searches
now end without a click. Google is
sacrificing its own bread and butter,
which is search, to deliver AI
summaries. Because if Google doesn't
disrupt itself, someone else will.
People don't search for answers anymore.
They expect the answers to be brought to
them. The past is search engine, the
future is answer engine. And right now,
those who strike quickest at it are
going to mine the most gold. We call it
answer engine optimization, or AEO for
short. So, ask it a question like, "How
much creatine should I take?" And it
will tell you the answer, and place it
above the normal search results and
above the ads. Ask, "How much does Jason
Fladlien bill per hour?" And it will
tell you $5,000, which is correct. Ask
it almost anything, and it will hand you
the answer without you having to click.
This is opportunity knocking for those
of you who want to 10x your business.
Figure out how to force your way into
the Google AI overview. And Google isn't
just the only place that has opened up a
whole new world of opportunity by being
able to outrank everyone by forcing it
to put you in an AI overview. Another,
even more powerful answer engine is Chat
GPT. Ask it, "What are the best natural
bath and body products that I should
consider?" And it will give you
recommendations
of actual products, and it will even
tell you where you can go to buy those
products. But who uses Chat GPT for
search? Turns out, basically everyone.
It's the number one use right now of AI.
So, if you send it the right signals,
you can force yourself into having AIs
like Chat GPT, Claude, Gemini, Grok,
etc. recommend your products directly,
and it's shockingly easy. For now, we
used to do the same on Amazon. One time
we created a tool that was so good at
ranking products at the top of Amazon
searches that we sold this tool for
$10,000 a year and sold it to 300 people
and sold out in 49 minutes. But those
were the good old days. Eventually, it
became too competitive for a new company
to do a rank push to dominate page one
position one, two, or three on Amazon.
But if you got there when the sun was
shining, you made a lot of freaking hay.
This is that time again. It's remarkably
easy for you to now claim this land
grab, and like we've seen before, those
who get there early stay there because
in this business, nothing succeeds like
success. So, claim the land and own it
before somebody else does, and I cannot
stress this to you with enough urgency.
It's raining money outside on these
fields, yet businesses are still
deciding what raincoat to wear. Here's
my advice. Get out there in the field
with a big-ass bucket and grab as much
money as you possibly can while it's
downpouring money because it will not
rain money like this forever. Half of
consumers use AI now to make a
purchasing decision, yet less than one
in five businesses have successfully
integrated AI into their business.
Supply is low, demand is high, and in
this environment, a focused idiot will
print more money than a scattered-brain
genius. Now, here's how AI I help you
get to a billion dollars. First,
optimize what you already have. AI can
analyze your product line for you. It
can tell you what new products to
launch. It can do competitor research
for you. And here's a super easy way to
get so rich that you question the
meaning of money. Have it take the best
ideas from five different competitive
brands and integrate it into your brand.
And if you have employees, it can
massively increase their output, but
only if you raise up the floor. You must
look at every employee you have and if
they can't adopt AI to enhance their
position, fire them. And either replace
them with someone who can or replace
them with an AI agent. Your business
should shift from an org chart like this
to an assembly line like this where the
human is in the loop blended with the
AI. And that goes for you as well. You
should use AI to automate as many of
your own tasks as humanly possible. 90%
of what you're currently doing, an AI
could do it just as good or better. So
free yourself up from the day-to-day so
you can focus on scale, meaning getting
omni channel, meaning getting omni
distribution, meaning social, meaning
paid ads, meaning email, meaning
dominating SEO. Secondly, use AI to
create net new. AI can create social
content. AI can create ads. AI can
replace influencer marketing. In fact, I
just saw a case study where a brand
spent $1,500 on an AI video instead of a
micro influencer and got 100,000 views
out of that and a 1.5% conversion in 1
week. That beats any micro influencer.
Now, AI also has a hidden leverage that
no one really but my nine-figure clients
truly understand and it's this. New
technology plus old media equals a
freaking fortune. Do you know the
highest ROI per media per dollar
invested? It's email. Nearly 25% of all
total online store revenue comes from
email. And more people use email than
Facebook or TikTok. Smart brands
understand that you get them on social
and with paid, but you keep them on
email. So here's a question to you. Do
you email your customers and your leads
on a regular basis? If you don't, do you
hate money? Now, I I get why you don't
email. Two reasons. One, it's a
technical nightmare to set up. So, just
pay someone to do it for you. And two,
writing emails is hard, but guess who
can write them for you? A properly
trained AI. And even better use than
having AI write the emails is
personalization. AI can have the email
sent at a precise time when someone is
most likely to open and buy. And with
technology, you can even send that email
to that person even if they've never
visited your site before or have even
given you their email address. I want
you to imagine this scenario. They
search shampoo for hair loss on Google.
You show up in the AI overview. This
search then triggers an email that is
sent to the user. And if you only relied
on just the AI overview or only the
email, you would get some sales. But
when you combine them together, you get
tremendously
more sales. And because the algorithms
[clears throat] are so damn good these
days, it knows that you have become
familiar to this user being in their AI
overview and meaning that they've
interacted with you via email. So, now
you are more easily and more likely able
to show up in their feed organically and
be targeting them with your ads. The
late billionaire and best friend of
Warren Buffett, Charlie Munger, he calls
this a lollapalooza effect, which means
many different drivers converge together
to create an extraordinary, exceptional,
incredible results. So, when you're
everywhere, which with the right use of
AI is now easier to do than ever before,
then you can get an exponential return.
Because every action multiplies every
other action. The more you sell on
TikTok, the more it multiplies your
Shopify and Amazon sales. The more
you're in AEO, the more it drives your
sales to Walmart and the more it drives
your Shopify site sales. The more you
sell, the more customers you get, which
then makes it easier for you to email
more people exponentially
because the effort is the same whether
you mail 1,000 customers or a million.
And the more you drive buyers to Amazon,
the more Amazon shows you to new buyers
both in the search results and with
their AI called Rufus. These are the
drivers of scale with AI. One, optimize
what you have. Two, create net new. And
there's a third use, which I'd say is
the most important use of all. Use it as
a strategic advisor, but with caveat. If
you rely only on the AI to guide you,
it's like blindly listening to the GPS
confidently telling you to drive off a
cliff because you'll get to your
destination about 2 minutes faster. You
need AI plus a coach. Now, all of you
should have a coach just like all the
best athletes, stars, presidents, and
world leaders do. And you shouldn't just
have a coach, either. You should have
many coaches. Michael Jordan had a head
coach, Phil Jackson, but he also had a
personal trainer, he had a strength and
conditioning coach, he had a performance
coach, he had a technical coach, he had
nutrition coaching, and an army of
support staff and key personnel. He had
a coach even for his fingers, for his
ankles, and for his wrists. Winners have
coaches, losers do not. And the best
coaches right now have become even more
valuable because they leverage AI to
enhance their already world-class
coaching. This is a gap right now
because you have the luxury of choice.
You can choose for now to not take
advantage of this and still get by.
Blockbuster limped along for 8 years at
about the same revenue, getting by. But
when the bottom fell out, and it went
fast, they were done in less than a
year. This is why incremental growth is
dangerous and maintaining the status quo
is deadly. You have to disrupt yourself
before somebody else does. What got you
here will not get you there. The rate of
scaling upwards is greater than ever,
but the speed in which brands who don't
adopt will crash is faster than ever.
There is a gap right now, a gap between
companies who are using AI to quickly
expand from one platform to every
platform and those who are not.
Now, you can be everywhere quicker than
used to be anywhere. But there's a gap
right now, a gap between companies who
are using AI to attack social and
extract from it millions of views for
free and brands who are not, which is
crazy because branding is the most
valuable thing a business can do. And
you could be everywhere on social media
these days, easier than used to be able
to be anywhere. There is a gap right
now. You can use AI to dominate paid
ads, increasing conversion while
decreasing costs, and multiplying both
the quality and quantity of your social
and paid content. With the right tools,
AI tools designed not for grandma, but
for hardcore sellers who want to 10x
their business. There's a gap right now,
and the gap is threefold. Knowledge,
what to do, how to do, when to do it.
Two, tools. The right AI, the right
agents, the right automations. And
three, network, because if you want to
scale, you must be around like-minded
individuals. Where doubling a business
just doesn't cut it. The gap is there,
and it's widening K-curve style. Be on
the right side of the gap, and you end
up being way up here. Be on the wrong
side, and you end up being down here.
But to be here, you must first commit.
And I don't mean this rhetorically. I
mean making a declaration to me, the
world, and most importantly to yourself.
Are you committed to a 10x vision of
your business? And are you willing to
seize this opportunity to truly use AI
fully in order to get there? So, commit
now. They say a goal properly set is
half achieved. Well, this is a mother
goal, exponential growth. And the upside
is higher now for those who seize it
than at any point
in history.