# Transcript: jeff-walker

So, Dan and I
have some areas around AI that we
disagree with each other. I do believe
what Dan is saying is that especially
like in this coaching, training,
teaching, consulting, whatever this
market that many of us are in, that I'm
in, that Dan's in, that Chris you're in
I do think that trust piece is critical.
People I think in
most markets, most people, if they look
at something if they know something is
AI generated, it I think it's just going
to
at least have a sliver of doubt
that that they're going to have there's
a little bit less trust in the person,
in my opinion. Because like Dan said, is
it like is this really what they think?
Is this really from their knowledge or
is this just they took something from AI
and put it out? So, I absolutely think
that trust piece is um is something to
pay really close attention to. The part
I'm not sure on you know, there's a lot
of people that struggle with copy. And
when we say copy, Dan and I talk we're
talking about copywriting. And like Dan
says, he's in it every single day, I'm
in it every single day because what we
do is we teach people how to make money
through their words.
Through through sharing an offer they
have to get people to give them money.
That's what we do. And that those words
that they use, whether they're in an
email, whether they're on a a blog, on
on a sales letter, in a YouTube video,
in a short, on social, doesn't matter
where it's at, it's all copy. So, in
there's just people that struggle with
copy. It's like I've made my life. I'm
30 years into copy. I'm still getting
better. Dan's 12, 15, 16 years. No, 20
years into it. Dan's 20 years into copy.
But I do know that there it people
struggle with it. People struggle with
it. And I think for a lot of them AI
copy is going to be there yes, if AI
copy is a seven and they're a six,
great. But a lot of people are a two or
a three. And I think for those people
investing the effort to to use AI to
create you know, good copy that doesn't
sound like AI is probably time well
spent. Oh, so I'll I'll give a counter
play. Give us a second give another
thought here. I think if you don't know
how to write good copy, then you're not
going to be able to tell if the AI copy
just sounds generic and like crap. And I
I and I think if you can't articulate
what you do well enough to write or
speak
on the topic decently. Like and this is
this is writing something in an email,
it could be writing a social post, it
could be go do shoot a little video,
whatever it is. I think if you can't
articulate the thing that you are going
to be guiding people on as an expert
well enough to like articulate it
yourself then I don't think you're going
to have a great do a great job of
actually teaching somebody it. Or at
very least, I think that you are going
to get so much better at the actual like
articulation of your offer and the
articulation of how you're going to be
able to help somebody if you if you
learn how to put that into words in a
better way.
And I do and I and I do really think the
other important thing here is that I I
think when I'm talking about this, I'm
talking about it a higher level, too.
Cuz I think as as it becomes
increasingly easy for somebody to make a
little course or something like that, to
me it feels like a lot of the low price
point things are start are going to
start to go away. You know, you got
inexpensive courses and then it's like,
well, do I want to spend 100 bucks,
which is you know, a decent investment
to something you want to learn is $100.
And like you know, if you're at the
level where you're considering spending
$100, you're probably still at the level
where you're going to also be like,
yeah, maybe I'll just try to figure it
out for free myself with with AI help.
But if you're at the point where you're
like, I really want to invest in this in
a serious way and you're considering
spending potentially thousands of
dollars on a coach
then which I think is going to be the
better the better market for people to
be in, then yeah, you want to be really
confident in that person. And I think
any flags that they're not making their
own stuff is going to put doubt in you
about that person.
So, I I've got a counter point here.
>> [laughter]
>> So, first of all, I think it's an
excellent point. You make a great point
about having the ability to to
to recognize good copy. Hey, that people
need to be able to do that. I will just
say that there are I you know what? I I
know we have a large a large contingent
of people that that that listen to us,
that watch us, that identify as
neurodivergent. And I know there's just
people that cannot write. I mean, they
they can speak
perfectly. They they can sit there and
if there's a conversation, absolutely no
problem. Be incredibly convincing, be
incredibly powerful, but literally
making words come out on paper or on a
screen, they just it doesn't compute
with their brain. There's a lot of those
people. And maybe for them the answer is
just to record themselves and then take
that recording, put it into AI and
that would probably be the answer there.
But I do yeah, I just think
there's a there's a lot of nuances here.
Well, that's a fantastic point and I I
totally agree. And that that is why I
said, you know, you should be able to
either write or speak it out loud. Cuz
it to me that comes back to in that case
AI feels like a true tool. You know,
whatever way it comes out for you I
think that yeah, being able to being
able to make your thing into a way that
you can describe what it is
to somebody who's interested. Like
present a compelling offer. Describe
someone in how their life is going to
change as a result of investing with
you, as a result of you guiding them.
That is a really core critical skill.
And if you can speak that out loud and
then have AI help you with, you know,
little transitions and you know, you
know, tweaking it like an editor or a
proofreader would do, that's fantastic.
I think the other way, too, if you can
write something out and you can have AI
forming this into smaller blocks that
you can say in a video, something like
that, that's fantastic. I think that's
great. But when it comes to the core
like, hey, I need five emails write me
five emails for my thing and AI is
deciding what goes in there and they're
it's building it all I I just think
that's going to be the wrong way to go
about it. If I can try and build a
little bit of the gap between the two of
you here or bridge it, I think there are
different types of avatars you're each
talking about here and I don't know if
they're all even avatars, but
on the one hand, you have the person who
is an expert, the professional painter,
the person who's played music for years,
the person who knows how to cake
decorate for 25 years and they have the
discerning expertise to know enough
about their avatar to be able to have AI
bring out some sort of copy for them and
then discern whether that is good or to
help have AI create a prize and know
whether or not it's good. You have the
person who is probably, you know, has
probably marketed their thing before and
actually understands marketing and is
good, right? And that's the ideal is you
want somebody who's good at both and
then they can discern whether it's good
copy and good copy for their product.
But then you have the other person who's
not an expert.
But maybe they're really good at copy
and they're using AI to develop
something in an expertise where they're
not really an expert.
But they're really good at copy.
And that's in some ways the people we're
all trying to avoid, right?
And so, how do you get I mean, this is
where it is. Like there there's a lot I
can see a lot of people out there
saying, well, Jeff, I haven't got 20, 30
years or whatever copy experience, so I
need this, right? And I need this to get
to the level where I can compete.
And on the other side, you have people
who are like, well, I'm really good at
copy, why can't I just go into that
market and do really well? It's it's an
interesting question. I know like in one
of our like in one of our trainings, one
of our three-day trainings, I use an
example of
kiteboarding. Like someone is
working through launch AI, our tool with
building a course for kiteboarding.
And I've personally never kiteboarded in
my life. But I ended up creating, you
know, an outline for a course that
looked pretty darn impressive. And I
probably could have sold it because I've
got the copy skills. So, we and and I
mean like one of the core things that I
learned from one of my first coaches was
what you want to learn from people with
experience, not from people with
book learning is how he would put it.
So, yeah, it it's it is a very
interesting question and I don't know
the answer. One interesting thing
phenomena that I think I see happening
and you know, we track hundreds of
businesses across hundreds of niches, so
it's hard to generalize across all of
them. But I think you know, I earlier on
I started with this idea that that we
have to
and I chose my words carefully, we have
to assume the value of information is
going to approach zero in the not too
distant future.
I I'm not saying blanket it, well, we
just have to I think we have to assume
that and we have to approach our
business that way if we're going to be
good stewards of our businesses.
And I think what I see happening is that
AI is like carving out the middle
of the teaching, training, coaching
world. Another words, I think there's
still going to be
there's still going to be a place for
the for the very low end, low end in
terms of pricing.
And I also think the high end is going
to be
fairly protected because that's going to
be more of a a boutique experience, more
personalized experience, more of a
coaching experience. And frankly, the
people that buy at the high end, I think
that's what they want. They want that
personal experience. They want that
coaching experience. They want that
human experience. And maybe they even
have a little
they they have more experience
and maybe they have a little higher
discernment. So, they can they can see
through the BS that they get from from
AI. So, I think I think that is one
thing that's happening is the middle and
the middle would depend on whatever
market you're in in terms of pricing. It
you can't make a general generality
comparing painting and watercolors or
running a multi-doctor
brain surgery business. You know, I mean
there there you know, the the pri-
relative pricing will be different, but
I think the high end is continues to do
pretty well and I think the very low end
continues to do pretty well, but the
middle is getting carved out.
And I think there's going to be
I totally agree and
I think the one other group of people
that's going to start to emerge more and
more like
you think you're saying you know,
there's the boutique high end, but I
think there's also going to be the
people who are very committed and maybe
they're not necessarily looking for
they're not looking for a boutique
experience. They're not looking to just,
you know, go and spend a bunch of money
to have a luxury experience here, but
they're the people who have they're
really committed and they've been doing
it and they've been grinding it and
they've been you know, maybe they've
they've been using the free tools and
they've been using AI and they've been
and they've gotten so far, but now
they're finding like, okay, they're kind
of hitting a point where it's like they
can tell that they're not that they need
some additional steps to go further.
They're finding the limitations of doing
it themselves with AI.
You know, I think
for a lot of things a lot of the very
beginner steps are going to be something
that like even if someone's getting not
the best information from AI, they're
probably still going to get decent
enough information that they can be
going for a while.
But they're going to hit a point in
which it's like
okay, I I really want to get better and
that's that's that's the next option.
Not getting there with AI and they're
going to start looking for actual humans
who can give that similar experience
that they were having with AI. You know,
having that feel like a very
personalized experience,
but from someone who, you know, has the
real world knowledge to to back it up.
>> [music]
>> Wasn't that a great clip? If this was
helpful, please hit subscribe. We're
going to break down what's actually
working right now, no fluff for the rest
of this season. And if your business
feels like it's working on hard mode
right now, go to getyallaunched.com
and check out what we got there for you.
See on the next episode.