# Transcript: steve-larsen

How to prepare a good webinar? Now, I have made 
literally millions of dollars doing webinars  
live and auto webinars and in 
this video, I'm going to teach you  
my structure for how I come up with the script. 
As well as I'm going to show you back here  
the actual funnel layout and how I draw it 
out and plan and get traffic. Let's dive in.
Alright, you might have seen on the internet 
that some people make fun of webinars and I do not  
understand why. It is the closest to legally having 
a money printing machine I've ever seen in my life.  
Where else can you get a dollar in on ads and a 
minimum usually of 2 to 3 dollars out per week.
You would be in jail for any other investment 
that would do that. You can't do that  
anywhere else. I don't know another model that does 
it that that powerfully. I think the reason some  
people make fun of them is because they frankly 
suck at them. So, I was not always good  
at webinars though and so I'm gonna show you some 
specific things to look at here in this video that  
will help you stay away from kind of the cloudy 
zones and I think I know why some people complain  
about them. Now let's dive in. Before I dive into 
what is behind me which is my cool webinar layout  
style. Hit the subscribe button look how much 
stuff I've done to try and make this awesome  
for you. It's easy and it's free for you and it 
totally makes capitalism sing when you do it.  
Hit subscribe, hit the like button, hit the bell. 
Because we put sweet videos like that every day  
out. I usually live about 7 am in the morning 
mountain time and in the comments below I'd love  
to know. What has been one of the coolest webinars 
you have ever experienced yourself? Hey guys, before  
I show you the actual funnel layout that I love 
the most for webinars live and automated. There's  
a few assets and resources you have to have 
ready or your webinar is going to suck already  
and I think it's the reason why some people say 
that the webinars are terrible. Because they suck  
at what I'm about to share. So there's about 
five pieces I have to have ready honestly in any  
webinar style and here's here they are. First, 
you have to have what we call an origin story.  
The origin story is a story, it's a style of script 
writing that basically says, here's where you are.  
"Oh it's sad, it's sad land." You don't have the 
outcomes in your life that you really want  
to have and then what we do is we paint the 
picture of what it looks like to be in happy land.  
"Yay, this is what you're trying to go for", and 
that's basically it, that's the basis of all sales.  
You are where you are you, want to be over here 
cool. This is the product that'll help you get  
there. So that's the origin story and the 
easiest way to tell that story is for you to  
tell the story of how you originally origin story.
How did you originally come up with the idea for  
your product? How did you originally say, "Oh you 
know what, I need to leave safe land. I'm not happy  
but I'm safe and how did I make the decision to 
venture out into the wild and go create a product  
and put that together that. There in my 
opinion is the thing that most people suck at  
creating and putting together. But when you think 
about it as simple as that this is actually a very  
simple story to tell. The next one you want to 
put together is a asset as a story that's all  
about the product. It's all about the product, 
it's a product-based story and this story is  
frankly one of the easiest but sometimes the 
longest. It's based in education that's all it  
is you're just educating them about the product.
Not too much though or you'll kill the sale. But  
we're going to come back in and we're going to 
say, "Hey", I'm trying for my iPhone, "Check it out,  
this is an iPhone. You've never seen this iPhone 
before. You have never held an iPhone before." What  
are your questions? Like remember the first time 
I held an iPhone you're like, "How do I make a call?",  
"How do I like just do the thing it was meant 
for all along. Can I text? I have to charge it more? 
I have to... Man, I gotta buy new headphones again?". 
Remember Steve Jobs educated all of us on that  
product very simply by saying, "Just click that 
button. Don't worry about the headphones I put  
them in the box." Super simple, not long. The next 
story type that we use is a sub-story again of the  
first is an ability-based story. Now, some people 
will look at the iPhone. Remember, there was people  
who looked at the iPhone and they were like, "That's 
cool, I don't know if I'm smart enough to pull that  
off. That looks super techy", remember there 
was especially when iPhones first came out. Did
everyone go buy one immediately? No, and a lot of 
it is because they totally think the product rocks.  
But they're like, "You know what, I don't know 
if I have the ability, I'm not smart enough. I don't  
know how to pull this off. I don't want to look 
dumb with it", and so the ability-based story is  
based in frankly just reassurance, okay. It's 
reassuring somebody that they're gonna be fine  
while they're progressing down the path with 
your product and then this last final story  
is a resource-based story. Resource-based 
story is basically saying, "Oh man, that iPhone  
there is super cool but I don't have the money 
for it", Steve Job's like, "Don't worry about it,  
I got a pay plan", see I was like, don't worry 
about the fact that you don't quite understand  
how to make a text. We've got some education,
We have the genius bar for you, okay. It's a story  
about the resources that someone has available 
to them and it's really based in making them feel.  
That honestly this is one of the easiest ones 
to break every single purchase includes that one  
ever. Now the final and fifth part of any webinar 
and webinar script is the pitch. The pitch
don't shy away from it. I have other videos on my 
YouTube channel talking about just that, alright.  
You guys can go look them up but the pitch is not 
something to shy away from, it's not something to  
feel weird about. You ask for permission for the 
sale and then you sell them. Alright, with that  
we can go to the funnel. Alright guys, this is the 
standard webinar funnel layout and there are so  
many versions of it and if you're like, "That seems 
really complicated and it's like way too much",  
the reality is that this machine right here is one 
of the reasons why we make so much cash and so if  
it looks complicated so is a car when you open the 
hood but it's simple to use. That makes sense? So  
don't write it off because you're like that looks 
complicated. Cars are too when you look under  
the hood, just keep the hood down. So let me 
just show you, I'm not gonna open the hood too much.  
But this is how we do it. Basically we first 
have a registration page right here at the  
top and the registration page all we're trying 
to do is collect their email and phone number  
that's it. You want to come to the actual free 
training. You want to come to the presentation,  
You want to come which is what we call the sales 
pitch. You want to come to the presentation put  
your email in. The very next page says, "Cool, 
just so you know thank you so much it starts in a  
few minutes and just stay tuned because this page 
will forward automatically to the broadcast once  
it starts." So the broadcast page all we do is 
this is where the actual presentation the webinar  
the video presentation is and all we're doing here 
is we are pitching and you can do this live  
you can also do this automated. We're pitching 
there's a few differences if you do it live. But  
this is an auto webinar funnel. What we're doing 
is we're pitching and then at the time that I 
start saying, "Here's where you go to xyz.com to buy", 
the rest of this page opens up. This is all hidden
until that time. This is where we say, 
"Hey, you're going to get this...
and if you look at the page
layout I'm just throughout  
saying and reminding them. "Hey look, here's where 
you can click to buy. This is where you click to  
buy. You can click the buy right there."
There's several places throughout. Now, once the  
webinar is over there's a replay page and quite 
literally we actually copied the first page.  
The replay page and the scroll bar replay 
page are the exact same page, I'll explain them  
in a second here, replay page is the exact 
same thing. We don't let them scroll forward  
in the video, so they can't fast forward and the 
scroll bar replay page we unlock that so that they  
can. That's the only difference between those two 
pages but they're essentially the exact same thing.
On the order page, we say, "Hey, here's what you're 
going to get. Go ahead and click here to buy.  
Put in your credit card put in your information." 
We remind them of what they're going to get which  
is the exact same as these sections. See how 
easy this is actually to build out a lot of  
the stuff you build once and copy it and then we 
just load up the bottom with testimonials.
All this right here is a bunch of testimonials 
showing people how other people's experiences  
have been, "But Steve, I don't have those yet."
Then don't make them up first off don't lie, please  
be ethical, be moral, and don't be a scumbag on 
the internet okay. But as you start to collect them  
toss them, toss them there. Best time to pitch is 
after they've seen a bunch of testimonials. So  
we put that at the bottom and then we have just 
a simple thank you page. Now, this email sequence  
starts back when they actually register and 
they register right here and at zero hours  
meaning immediately. It says, "Here is the broadcast 
link", three hours later we say, "Hey, go and purchase",  
12 hours later we say, "Here's the replay", scroll bar 
replay 24 hours later it's like here's a scroll  
bar and then we just start to send them
reminders... and then a final last call.
I know it looks kind of messy so let me back it up 
right here. But these last four emails right here  
is basically it's a directory for all of it.
We're like, "Hey, here's the scroll bar replay  
and here's where to go by", and that right there 
is the webinar layout that has made some most  
money for us. Now finally, the thing that 
people ask the most when they see this they're  
like okay that's crazy cool. How do you get traffic? 
Good question to ask. If you can't get traffic oh  
that's garbage alright. So the first place that 
I do get traffic from is my own email list and  
if you're like, "Steve, I don't have an email list", 
alright well that's the next problem for you to  
solve, start building one. So I go and I email, 
I put social media blasts up, I talk to people in  
groups, I get people on the webinar. This 
is a role that you're gonna have to fill until  
you have enough email lists. Until they have enough 
distribution channel to solve it for you. So, I send  
them the registration page sweet. Now, as time goes 
on I'll tell you the first time I ever did this.
I did kind of the manual way for like the 
first two months. I did a webinar every week  
and I kind of manually or by my email list filled 
it every week for the first two months. Month three  
I did really what is considered to be the holy 
grail of webinars if you can get it to work.  
Ads baby, oh paid ads are delicious. Paid 
ads are cool because they let you measure  
and make it so that you don't have to be the one 
who's trying to fill it every single week as well.  
Now what you're trying to do in ads is 
you want to get to a spot where at a minimum  
you're putting a dollar in and you're getting two 
dollars back out. So if this is a thousand  
dollar product. I spent five hundred dollars 
to acquire a thousand-dollar buyer. Does that  
make sense? and even that's kind of high. Usually 
you don't need to spend a thousand dollars on  
Facebook to get a thousand dollar buyer which 
is why they're so lucrative and that's why  
that price point is so popular as well. I laugh 
when someone makes fun at price point. Those of us  
who are making millions of dollars with that laugh 
at you who are making fun of webinars by the way.  
To see exactly what I'm talking about in 
action go to internetlaunchsecrets.com.  
It is a free presentation that will show 
you three campaign strategies that I use  
that have been the most lucrative over the 
last three years and made frankly millions  
of dollars for us. It's free, the link is in 
the description internetlaunchsecrets.com.