# Transcript: stu-mclaren

If you're stuck trading time for dollars
or you just aren't sure how to turn your
skills into a lasting business, well, in
this free six-part YouTube series, we're
sharing a sneak peek inside the
membership experience. This is a proven
system that's helped thousands of people
build profitable memberships. And if you
missed a lesson, just check the
description to start from the beginning.
Otherwise, let's get into today's
lesson. So the big question when
starting your membership is where do you
put your energy and focus? Well, after
helping literally tens of thousands of
people launch and grow their
memberships, it really boils down to
understanding there are three different
typical phases of growing a membership.
The first one is just getting it
launched. The whole focus for us here in
this program is to help you do that very
thing. get your membership site out into
the world and beginning to welcome
paying members. That's phase one, just
getting it launched. The second phase is
really growing it to about 2 to 3,000
members. Now, sometimes people are in
this phase for uh months, sometimes it's
years. And I want you to remember at all
times your journey is your journey
because different markets and different
people have different resources
available to them, different
opportunities available to them that can
either increase the speed of which or
slow down their growth in this phase.
But the goal is that we want to continue
to do the right things, continue to
launch and relaunch so that we're
getting up to the point of 2 to 3,000
members. Now, once you get to about that
2 to 3,000 member mark, that's where you
hit phase three. And this is really
where we start to really scale and we'll
take a lot of our methodologies and
we'll shift energies to not only just
launching, but launching and adding
evergreen components. Now, often I get
asked, well, Stu, why don't we just jump
right to that phase? Because the reality
of it is is that when you start to scale
on an evergreen basis, it takes a lot
more money. And I don't want you
investing a whole bunch of money until
you have got your positioning and your
messaging and all your conversion
elements nailed down. That's what's
going to come during phase number two
when you're learning each of those
components. So phase one, get it
launched. Phase two, grow it to the 2 to
3,000 member mark. Phase three is now we
scale it to tens of thousands of
members. So with that, let's go to the
board and let's break it all down. So
number one when you're just starting out
is you really want to build your base.
This is what we are actually doing in
this foundational module is we're
helping you build your base. Getting
familiar with who your audience is, how
you help them, and specifically how you
can serve them inside of your
membership. It's all about messaging and
positioning and really nailing that so
you automatically attract your audience.
Second, once you've got that base is now
we shift the energy and focus to
building your audience. This is a bottom
line in that if the bigger your
audience, the bigger your membership is
going to be. So all things being equal
from a conversion standpoint, if you've
got more people in your audience, the
membership is naturally going to grow.
So we want to do things on a regular
basis to grow that audience. And PS, you
never stop growing your audience. So,
this is something that we're doing all
the time. Third is then we're going to
focus
on building your membership because now
that you've got your audience, now we
can launch and offer our membership. And
so, the goal here is that we're going to
be focusing on the content. We're going
to be focusing on the experience. We're
going to be focusing on creating an
amazing experience for your members that
gets them results.
Then we're going
to build your launch because after
you've done your initial founding member
launch, well, guess what? You're going
to relaunch and you're going to relaunch
again and again and again and you're
going to refine that marketing process
so that it becomes natural, easy, and
effortless for you to be able to attract
your members. I think of Alli K. She
used to follow one particular marketing
module which we will get to in module
number three. It was doing well for her,
but she shifted gears in terms of a
different launch style. And before it
took her 2 years to get to 1,400
members, but with one different launch
style, she welcomed more than 3,000 new
members in a single week. That is an
incredible opportunity that we all have
at this phase. And we'll certainly show
you uh how to do that. But this is
really about refining your marketing
process. So the next one, once you've
got a whole bunch of members coming in
to your
membership, it's all about building the
community. So people come for the
content, but they stay for the
community. This is where we're going to
really put our energy towards focusing
on creating a thriving community,
increasing engagement and interaction
with your members, and really knowing
where they are in their journey of
learning whatever it is that you're
sharing inside of your membership.
Because if people get results, they
stay. And so we want to create a
community that is built around progress.
Finally, once you've got thousands of
members, now it's all about building the
business. So, this is where we're
definitely going to talk about things
like hiring people and being able to
scale you and being able to bring in
outside people to help you grow the
business. Maybe that's managing the
community. Maybe that's on the marketing
side. Maybe that's on the support side.
But you can see through these different
phases that our energy and focus is
going to be different based on where
we're at. So if you're in the very
beginning
stages, we want to get clear on who we
serve and how we help. But maybe you're
further along and maybe you already have
a membership. And so it might be
refining your launch, your community, or
maybe you're at the point of really
scaling the business. Bottom line is
that based on this is going to help us
determine where you should be putting
your time, energy, and effort. So at the
end of the day, what I want you to
realize is that there are three phases
to growing any membership. The first one
is just getting it launched. Then phase
two is all about getting it to the 2 to
3,000 member mark. Phase three is now
scaling it to tens of thousands of
members. But each area requires us to
have a different focus. So that's where
we outlined. Number one, build your
base. Number two, build your audience.
Number three, build your membership.
Number four, build your launch. Number
five, build your community. And number
six, build your business. This helps
bring into clarity for you where you
should be putting your time, energy, and
effort. And that means you can eliminate
everything else from your radar. Focus
on where your energy needs to be right
now. Because at the end of the day,
progress with a membership really boils
down to you being focused on forward
progress. Eliminating the distractions,
focusing on what matters right now so
that you can make the most amount of
progress in the shortest period of time.
Where I see people getting distracted is
trying to do everything all at once and
losing sight of what is most important
right now. So my encouragement to you is
to really narrow your focus on what
matters most right now for you. And
remember, your journey is your journey.
Don't compare yourself to others.
Compare yourself to yourself and the
progress you're making up to this point.
So in the next lesson, I'm actually
going to walk you through one of the
most powerful yet simple exercises to
help you nail your messaging. Here's why
this is important. Because no matter
where you are on your membership
journey, one of the most important
things is to have a solid membership
base. And that really boils down to
messaging that instantly attracts the
people that you best want to serve. So,
how do you tell people what it is that
you do in a clear and concise way that
naturally pulls them in? That's what
we're going to talk about in the next
lesson. I'll see you there.